.TH  TPP "1" "June 2005" "tpp 1.3" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
TPP - Text Presentation Program
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B tpp  
<\fIOPTIONS\fR> <\fIFILE\fR>
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Tpp stands for text presentation program and is an ncurses-based
presentation tool. The presentation can be written with your favorite
editor in a simple description format and then shown on any text
terminal that is supported by ncurses - ranging from an old VT100 to the
Linux framebuffer to an xterm.

It supports color, various output modes, sliding in text, command prompt, 
LaTeX conversion and more.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
-h/--help display help
.TP
-l output.tex input.tpp converts tpp slides into tex 
.TP
-v/--version display version number

.SH KEYS
.TP
space
display next entry within page
.TP
space, cursor-down, cursor-right
display next page
.TP
b, cursor-up, cursor-left 
display previous page
.TP
q, Q 
quit tpp
.TP
j, J
jump directly to page
.TP
s, S
jump to the start page
.TP
e, E
jump to the last page
.TP
c, C
start command line
.PP
.SH WRITING PRESENTATIONS 
The tpp presentation formats consists of normal text lines and special
commands. Special commands are contained in lines that begin with "--"
and the command name.

See /usr/share/doc/tpp/README for complete list of command names, and 
/usr/share/doc/tpp/examples for TPP presentation examples, including
presentation slides that have been in real-life presentations.

.SH VIM SYNTAX FILE
In /usr/share/doc/tpp/contrib you'll find a syntax file for the vim editor.
See /usr/share/doc/tpp/README for installation instructions.

.SH AUTHOR CONTACT 
Tpp was written by Nico Golde <nico@ngolde.de> and Andreas Krennmair <ak@synflood.at>
